Shrek.
- Are you all right?<br />- Perfect!
Never been better.
I- I don't- There's something I have to tell you.
You don't have to tell me anything, Princess.
- I heard enough last night.<br />- You heard what I said?
Every word.
I thought you'd understand?
Oh, I understand!
Like you said, "Who could love a hideous, ugly beast?"
But I thought that wouldn't matter to you.
Yeah, well, it does.
- Ah, right on time.
Princess, I brought you a little something.
What'd I miss? What'd I miss?
Who said that? Couldn't have been a donkey.
Princess Fiona.
As promised. Now hand it over.
Very well, ogre. The deed to your swamp, cleared out as agreed.
Take it and go before I change my mind.
Forgive me, Princess, for startling you,
but you startled me,
For I've never seen such a radiant beauty before.
I am lord Farquaad.
Lord Farquaad? Oh, no, no.
- Forgive me, my lord, for I was just saying...
a short... farewell.
That is so sweet. You don't have to raise good manners on the ogre.
It's not like it has feelings.
No. You're right. It doesn't.
Princess Fiona, beautiful fair flawless Fiona.
- I ask your hand in marriage.
Will you be the perfect bride for the perfect groom?
Lord Farquaad, I accept. Nothing would make-
Excellent! I'll start the plans for tomorrow we wed!
No! I mean, uh,
Why wait?
Let's get married today before the sun sets.
Oh, anxious, are we? You're right.
The sooner, the better. There's so much to do!
There is the caterer, the cake, the band, the guest list.
Captain, round up some guests.
Fare-thee-well, ogre.
Shrek, what are you doing? You let her get away.
- Yeah? So what?<br />- Shrek, there's something about her you don't know.
Look, I talked to her last night. She's
Yeah I know you talked to her last night. You're great pals, aren't ya?
Now, if you two are such good friends, why didn't you follow her home?
Shrek, I- I wanna go with you.
I told you, didn't I? You're not coming home with me.
I live alone! My swamp! Me! Nobody else!
Understand? Nobody!
Especially useless, pathetic, annoying, talking donkeys!
- But. I thought<br />- Yeah. You know what?
You thought wrong!
Shrek.
I heard there was a secret chord
That David played and it pleased the Lord
But you don't really care for music, do ya
It goes like this the fourth, the fifth
The minor fall the major lift
The baffled king composing hallelujah
Hallelujah
Hallelujah
Baby, I've been here before
I know this room I've walked this floor
I used to live alone before I knew you
I've seen your flag on the marble arch
But love is not a victory march
It's a cold and it's a broken hallelujah
Hallelujah
Hallelujah
Hallelujah
Hallelujah
And all I ever learned from love
Is how to shoot at someone
- Who outdrew you
And it's not a cry you can hear at night
It's not somebody who's seen the light
- It's a cold and it's a broken hallelujah
Hallelujah
Hallelujah